Update error documentation (#12789)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/data/error-handling.mdx

</ExpansionPanel>

In Apollo Client, GraphQL errors are represented by the [`CombinedGraphQLErrors`](../api/errors/CombinedGraphQLErrors) error type. This is the most common error type you'll encounter in your application.

> Apollo Client adds these errors to the `error` field returned by hooks like `useQuery`, wrapped in the appropriate error instance.

Author: Yep you're right. I liked this sentence so I kept it but moved it up as part of the intro paragraph to "Understanding errors" which should encompass this a bit better. Done in [514aec4](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/12789/commits/514aec4601afbc2198792aa7cd0c8e87d2efd361)

### Network errors

These are errors encountered while attempting to communicate with your GraphQL server. The error may be a result of a `4xx` or `5xx` response status code, a failure to communicate with the server (such as when the network is unavailable), a failure to parse the response as valid JSON, or a custom error thrown in an [Apollo Link request handler](../api/link/introduction#the-request-handler).

In Apollo Client, network errors are represented by these error types:

- [`CombinedProtocolErrors`](../api/errors/CombinedProtocolErrors) - Represents fatal transport-level errors that occur during multipart HTTP subscription execution.
- [`ServerError`](../api/errors/ServerError) - Occurs when the server responds with a non-200 HTTP status code
- [`ServerParseError`](../api/errors/ServerParseError) - Occurs when the server response cannot be parsed as valid JSON
- [`LocalStateError`](../api/errors/LocalStateError) - Represents errors in [local state](../local-state/local-state-management) configuration or execution

> - [`UnconventionalError`](../api/errors/UnconventionalError) - Wraps non-standard errors (e.g., thrown symbols or objects) to ensure consistent error handling

Reviewer: Needs an additional bullet point
```suggestion
- other errors thrown inside the link chain, e.g. by browser APIs or other libraries will be passed through as they are, as long as they are an object with at least a `message` property.
```

  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(MY_QUERY, { errorPolicy: "all" });

  if (loading) return <span>loading...</span>;

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>Good: {data?.goodField}</h2>
      <pre>Bad: {error && <span>{error.message}</span>}</pre>
    </div>
  );
}
```

This example uses the `all` error policy to render both partial data and error information whenever applicable.

### Error handling across API types

The way Apollo Client exposes errors and how you handle them depends on both the API type you're using and the configured [error policy](#graphql-error-policies).

Apollo Client provides three types of APIs, each with different error handling characteristics:

- **Promise-based APIs** (e.g. `client.query`, `client.mutate`) - Errors either reject the promise or are returned in the result as the `error` field.

> - **Observable-based APIs** (e.g. `client.watchQuery`) - Errors are emitted through observer callbacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Observable-based APIs** (e.g. `client.watchQuery`) - Errors are emitted through the observer `next` callback.
```

          });
          // Retry the request, returning the new observable
          return forward(operation);
        }
      }
    }
  }

  // Log the error for any unhandled GraphQL errors or network errors.

>   console.log(`[Error]: ${error.message}`);

Reviewer: Maybe another comment like
```
// if nothing is returned from the `errorHandler` callback, the error will be emitted from the link chain
```

Author: Added in [80b823e](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/12789/commits/80b823eb07c060423a5c561d7a443ac27707ccdd)
